So how do I put this together?
I can start from my Kalman Filter,
previously described.
What I change is I simply use
my non-linear function, f(x),
to predict the state.
And h(x) to compute
the measurement error here.
Additionally, the state transition
matrix F and the measurement matrix
H are replaced by corresponding
Jacobians: Fj, and Hj.
So first, we have to compute
these Jacobian matrices.
Because the linearization points change,
I have to recompute the Jacobians
at every point in time.
So for the Extended Kalman Filter,
I first linearize the nonlinear
prediction and measurement functions.
And then I just use the same
mechanism to estimate the new state.
In the next quiz, I want you to compare
filters with extended filters for
a particular example.